feat: customize labels and annotations for the service account (#1105)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/backup_recovery.md

the instance can upload the WAL files, e.g.
`s3://BUCKET_NAME/path/to/folder`.

#### IAM Role for Service Account (IRSA)

> In order to use IRSA we need an `annotation` in the cluster's ServiceAccount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use IRSA you need to set an `annotation` in the `ServiceAccount` of the Postgres cluster.
```
